Feature/improve mgmnt group id desc (#350)
meshcloud/meshcloud-docs: docs/meshstack.azure.config.md

Pre-provisioned subscriptions are useful when no EA is available and operators want to consume CSP or Pay-as-you-go Subscriptions instead.

> > **Important**: It is not advisable to re-use Subscriptions for multiple meshProjects (for example when you marked a meshProject for deletion but did not properly delete the Subscription in Azure but and instead re-use them for pre-provisioning). If you do this, the metering system will assign the Subscription to the wrong meshProject for billing calculation. Double billed resources will be the consequences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important**: It is not supported to re-use Subscriptions for multiple meshProjects (for example when you marked a meshProject for deletion but did not properly delete the Subscription in Azure but and instead re-use them for pre-provisioning). If you do this, the metering system will assign the Subscription to the wrong meshProject for billing calculation. Double billed resources will be the consequence.
```

Author: adapted.

>                 The Microsoft Subscription offer type to use when creating subscriptions.

Reviewer: sometimes Subscription is written in upper case sometimes lower case
